Update HTML element canvas "Maximum canvas size" section (#9379) (#28428)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/canvas/index.md

#### Desktop

| Browser            | Maximum width    | Maximum height   | Maximum area                               |
| ------------------ | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| Chrome (Win, Mac)  | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
| Firefox (Win, Mac) | 32,767 pixels    | 32,767 pixels    | 536,756,224 pixels (i.e., 23,168 x 23,168) |
| Safari (Mac)       | 4,194,303 pixels | 8,388,607 pixels | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
| Edge (Win)         | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |

#### Mobile

| Browser           | Maximum width    | Maximum height   | Maximum area                               |
| ----------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| Chrome (Android)  | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
| Firefox (Android) | 32,767 pixels    | 32,767 pixels    | 536,756,224 pixels (i.e., 23,168 x 23,168) |

> | Safari (iOS)      | 4,194,303 pixels | 6,029,311 pixels | 16,777,216 pixels (i.e., 4,096 x 4,096)    |

Author: @estelle The values for Safari (iOS) were taken from a test run on an iPad Air, but I just ran the test on an iPhone 11 and there the max-height was reported to be only 3,145,727. If you'd like I could either split the iOS row into iPhone and iPad or, what I'd prefer, just write down the lower end value here.

> The exact maximum size of a `<canvas>` element depends on the browser and environment. While in most cases the maximum dimensions exceed 10,000 x 10,000 pixels, notably iOS devices limit the canvas size to only 4,096 x 4,096 pixels.
> 
> The following is data collected through various tests and other sources (e.g. [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6081483/maximum-size-of-a-canvas-element)):
> 
> #### Desktop
> 
> | Browser            | Maximum width    | Maximum height   | Maximum area                               |
> | ------------------ | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
> | Chrome (Win, Mac)  | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
> | Firefox (Win, Mac) | 32,767 pixels    | 32,767 pixels    | 536,756,224 pixels (i.e., 23,168 x 23,168) |
> | Safari (Mac)       | 4,194,303 pixels | 8,388,607 pixels | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
> | Edge (Win)         | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
> 
> #### Mobile
> 
> | Browser           | Maximum width    | Maximum height   | Maximum area                               |
> | ----------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
> | Chrome (Android)  | 65,535 pixels    | 65,535 pixels    | 268,435,456 pixels (i.e., 16,384 x 16,384) |
> | Firefox (Android) | 32,767 pixels    | 32,767 pixels    | 536,756,224 pixels (i.e., 23,168 x 23,168) |
> | Safari (iOS)      | 4,194,303 pixels | 6,029,311 pixels | 16,777,216 pixels (i.e., 4,096 x 4,096)    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact maximum size of a `<canvas>` element depends on the browser and environment. While in most cases the maximum dimensions exceed 10,000 x 10,000 pixels, notably iOS devices limit the canvas size to only 4,096 x 4,096 pixels. See [canvas size limits in different browsers and devices](https://github.com/jhildenbiddle/canvas-size#test-results) (2021).
```
This may be the best way to show it without replicating all the results.

### Maximum canvas size

The exact maximum size of a `<canvas>` element depends on the browser and environment. While in most cases the maximum dimensions exceed 10,000 x 10,000 pixels, notably iOS devices limit the canvas size to only 4,096 x 4,096 pixels.

> John Hildenbiddle has collected detailed data using his [canvas-size package](https://github.com/jhildenbiddle/canvas-size#test-results).

Reviewer: The linked table has some weird data in it:

> Safari (iOS >= 9) | 4,194,303 | 8,388,607 | 4,096 x 4,096 (16,777,216)

the 4096 is there, but the max width and height for safari, in both tables, has odd data. 

It may be best to update the original table with updated information, removing IE and adding Edge, and adding desktop/mobile distinctions. Also, removing the link to StackO and adding the link to @jhildenbiddle in it's place, but not listing that link as a source to visit until they have a chance to update the data.

Author: Thanks for taking a look!

The data also seemed strange to me. Since canvas-size works mostly by testing predefined well-known sizes, I created a test that has no bias other than an upper limit:
https://typescript-csuuwk.stackblitz.io

I updated the table with data from this test, that I gathered from various devices and it does actually differ from the canvas-size data quite a bit. Would love to hear if you get the same results as I did.

A note on testing on Chrome Android: I had to disable the max-square test as it would crash the page but I could confirm the already known values by running individual tests below.
